Add Intel AVX-512 optimization blog (#3717)
opensearch-project/project-website: assets/media/authors/mulugetam.markdown

> ---

Reviewer: Move this file into _community_members directory. See an example community member profile https://github.com/opensearch-project/project-website/blob/main/_community_members/_sample.md.

name: Mulugeta Mammo
short_name: Mulugeta
photo: '/assets/media/authors/mulugetam.jpg'
linkedin: mulugetamammo
---

> **Mulugeta Mammo Akash** is a Senior Software Engineer, and currently leads the OpenSearch Optimization team at Intel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mulugeta Mammo Akash** is a Senior Software Engineer, currently leading the OpenSearch Optimization team at Intel.
```
